Draft: AggLayer documentation in Innovation & design section (#514)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/agglayer/bridge-and-call.md

## Current unified bridge functionality

> The unified bridge allows users/contracts to independently bridge an asset or bridge a message between AggLayer connected chains.
> 
> More complex operations such as bridge an asset and swap it for another asset, or bridge an asset and deposit it into a vault, require implementing custom logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unified bridge allows users to trustlessly bridge a fungible token or message between AggLayer-connected chains.

More complex operations, in which some action is taken on the destination chain with a bridged token, such as a swap, require implementing custom logic. 
```
